Charles Brexler
Sometown, KS 55555 | 555-555-5555 | cb@somedomain.com | LinkedIn URL

SECRETARY | ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT

Technically skilled administrative support professional valued for multitasking strengths, organizational abilities and diplomatic handling of confidential
Advanced command of MS Office along with strong business and financial management skills. Leverage technology to elevate efficiencies, boost productivity, save costs and improve processes.
Loyal and resourceful professional known for commitment to exceeding employer expectations.
Skills:

Office Management
Bookkeeping, A/R & A/P
Financial Reporting
Records Management
Executive & Administrative Support
Customer Relations & Communications
MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)
Scheduling & Calendar Management
Meeting & Event Planning
Spreadsheets & Data Entry
Payroll Administration
Project Management
Corporate Experience

ABC COMPANY (Sometown, KS)
Secretary to CEO and CFO, 5/xx to Present • Receptionist, 6/xx to 5/xx

Promoted to serve as "right hand" to senior executives. Oversee office management, customer relations, accounts payable/receivable, payroll, HR benefits, tax filing and special project management.

Key Contributions:

Entrusted to manage high-priority projects, including office downsizings, relocations throughout the Midwest and launch of applicant tracking system that accelerated job-fill times by 25%.
Led vendor sourcing and negotiations to capture $275K in annual cost savings. Negotiated favorable rates and terms for software licenses, office supplies, corporate travel and insurance premiums.
Managed A/P, A/R, and reconciliation activities; coordinated tax filings; served as point-person and facilitator for valuation and year-end audits; and supported accounting manager in daily, monthly, quarterly and annual reporting.
DEF COMPANY (Sometown, KS)
Secretary, 5/xx to 6/xx

Provided administrative support for senior managers that included coordinating calendars; arranging travel; and creating reports, spreadsheets, PowerPoint presentations and board meeting minutes.

Key Contributions:

Repeatedly praised for keeping executive offices running smoothly. Handled broad responsibilities; fielded an array of requests from internal/external customers; and thrived within busy environment requiring the ability to prioritize and manage concurrent projects.
Assisted recruiters and HR managers with human resources functions, including payroll administration, applicant screening, insurance renewals and review of $2M in annual premiums.
Education
XYZ COLLEGE (Sometown, KS)
Bachelor of Science in Business Administration
Kansas Notary Public (current)